README.md, before:

# C-Libs
Some functions from the basics c libs maked, and new ones.

## Description
This project create a lib with a lot of function of the string.h lib and others utils functions like printf or malloc.
Some functions were very easy to do, others were way more difficult.
The idea of this project was make again a project i had to to in first year, but after learning (and correcting) more things.

## Run
```bash
make
```

## Run Unit Tests
```bash
make tests_run
```

## Run Unit Tests Dependencies
```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install libcriterion-dev
```

## Functions handled
### From string.h lib :
- array_get_len (get len of an array)
- array_is_same (check if two array are the same)
- int_to_str (convert a string to an int)
- str_contain (check if a string contain a caractere)
- str_concatenate (concatenate two strings)
- str_copy (copy a string in an other)
- str_duplicate (duplicate a string)
- str_get_len (strlen that return int not size_t)
- str_is_integer (check if a string is a integer in string format)
- str_is_same (like strcmp, but return a boolean)
- str_reverse (reverse a string)
- str_to_array (a split function)
- str_to_int (convert a string to a int)

Commit message:

[ADD] malloc and free functions

README.md, after:

# C-Libs
Some functions from the basics c libs maked, and new ones.

## Description
This project create a lib with a lot of function of the string.h lib and others utils functions like printf or malloc.
Some functions were very easy to do, others were way more difficult.
The idea of this project was to refacto projects i've done in first year of studies, but after learning more things.

## Run
```bash
make
```

## Run Unit Tests Dependencies
```bash
sudo apt install libcriterion-dev
```

## Run Unit Tests
```bash
make tests_run
```

## Rm files generated by 'make' or 'make tests_run'
```bash
make fclean
```

## Functions handled

### From string.h lib :
- array_get_len (get len of an array)
- array_is_same (check if two array are the same)
- int_to_str (convert a string to an int)
- str_contain (check if a string contain a caractere)
- str_concatenate (concatenate two strings)
- str_copy (copy a string in an other)
- str_duplicate (duplicate a string)
- str_get_len (strlen that return int not size_t)
- str_is_integer (check if a string is a integer in string format)
- str_is_same (like strcmp, but return a boolean)
- str_reverse (reverse a string)
- str_to_array (a split function)
- str_to_int (convert a string to a int)
### From stdlib.h lib :
- allocate_memory (malloc)
- free_memory (free)
